♪
[YAWNING]
[BELCHES]
MM.
HUH? WHAT LOOKS
DIFFERENT IN HERE?
WHAT'S WITH THE TABLE
N' CHAIRS? IS THIS NEW?
INDEED. I MADE ALL THIS
USING SPARE PARTS.
SO THE DAYS OF EATING
ON THE FLOOR ARE OVER?
WHOA, AND WE'RE MAKING
OUR OWN COFFEE NOW, TOO?
AW, SWEET.
HA! WE'RE
HIGH-CLASS NOW.
THIS IS SOME
SMART THINKIN'.
THIS WAY, WE WON'T
WASTE MONEY HITTING UP
THE CAFE ACROSS THE
STREET 3 TIMES A DAY.
[STEPHANIE SOBBING]
WHERE'S JACK?
WHY ISN'T
YUSEI HERE?
I THINK HE'S OUT TESTING
THE NEW ENGINE PROTOTYPE.
HE FINISHED IT?
I GUESS SO.
BY THE TIME I WOKE UP,
HE WAS ALREADY GONE,
AND THE OLD ENGINE
IS SITTING OVER THERE.
SO HE PULLED ANOTHER
ALL-NIGHTER ALL BY HIMSELF.
THAT'S THE THIRD ONE
THIS WEEK.
WHY IS HE PRESSURING
HIMSELF SO MUCH LATELY?
WHY DO YOU THINK?
THE WORLD RACING
GRAND PRIX IS COMING UP.
HE WANTS TO MAKE SURE
THAT WE'RE GOING IN
WITH THE BEST DUEL
RUNNERS WE CAN MAKE.
HE SHOULD LET US
HELP OUT MORE.
I MEAN,
WE'RE SMART GUYS.
WE KNOW HOW TO USE
OUR HANDS AND OUR HEADS
AND HOW TO PUT STUFF
TOGETHER AND--
[CREAKING]
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
AAH!
♪
♪ GOING FAST MAKES
ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN,
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL
THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING
ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL
THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWING
ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
Crow: OK, OK. DON'T
MOVE A MUSCLE, JACK.
ONE WRONG MOVE, AND WE COULD
BE PARALYZED FOR LIFE.
WHAT ARE YOU ON ABOUT?
DON'T BE A SUCH BABY.
I'M SERIOUS, MAN.
WE COULD'VE
SNAPPED SOMETHING.
ONE WRONG MOVE AND,
BAM, PARALYSIS.
WELL, THEN WE SHOULD JUST LIE
HERE AND WAIT FOR HELP.
♪
SO, WHILE WE'RE
WAITING HERE,
DO YOU THINK YUSEI IS HIDING
SOMETHING BIG FROM US?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I MEAN, WE'RE
A TEAM, RIGHT?
WE ALL WORKED TOGETHER TO
BUILD THE DAEDALUS BRIDGE,
TO RECONNECT THE
CITY WITH SATELLITE,
AND WHEN HE WAS
FIGHTING GOODWIN,
WE WERE RIGHT
THERE, REMEMBER?
NO FAIR.
I WAS THE CHOSEN ONE.
I HAD THE MARKINGS OF BOTH
THE LIGHT AND THE DARKNESS.
PERHAPS, AND YET BENEATH THEM,
THE CRIMSON DRAGON SAW
THAT YOU STILL HONOR
YOUR BROTHER'S MEMORY.
SO NOW THE CRIMSON DRAGON
IS A PART OF ME.
All: YUSEI!
Yusei: YOU DID
YOUR PART, GOODWIN,
AND NOW I'LL DO MINE.
MY TURN.
FIRST, SINCE STARDUST
DRAGON IS ON MY FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
THE STARDUST XIAOLONG
THAT'S SLEEPING
IN MY GRAVEYARD...
[ROARS]
AND THEN I SUMMON
MAJESTIC DRAGON.
♪
NOT THAT. NO.
Yusei: NEXT, I TUNE
LEVEL 1 MAJESTIC DRAGON
WITH LEVEL 8 STARDUST DRAGON
AND LEVEL 1 STARDUST XIAOLONG.
♪
I HARNESS ALL THE POWER
OF THE STARS.
I CHANNEL ALL
THE MIGHT OF THE DRAGONS.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON THE
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON.
♪
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON GAINS
2,400 ATTACK POINTS,
AND HE GAINS THE
DISTINCTION OF BEING
THE TOUGHEST MONSTER
ON THE FIELD.
YOU KNOW WHAT
THAT MEANS.
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
RASCA IS GOING DOWN.
GO, MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON.
STAR SHINE SHRED.
♪
YAAH!
WE WERE ALL
THERE FOR HIM,
AND I JUST WISH YOU WERE THERE
WHEN HE BATTLED ROMAN,
'CAUSE HE SAID ALL
THIS HEAVY STUFF
THAT HE'D NEVER SAID
TO ANY OF US.
I UNDERSTAND THAT LIFE IS A
LONG SERIES OF CHAIN REACTIONS.
IF MY FATHER HAD
NEVER DISCOVERED
THOSE PLANETARY
PARTICLE THINGS,
THEN ZERO REVERSE
NEVER WOULD'VE HAPPENED.
SATELLITE WOULD STILL
BE PART OF DOMINO CITY.
MY FRIENDS,
LIKE CROW AND JACK,
WOULDN'T HAVE HAD TO GROW UP
ALONE ON THE STREETS,
BUT MY DAD WAS MY DAD.
HE WASN'T SOME
COSMIC CHESS PIECE,
AND AS FOR MY FRIENDS
AND ALL THE BAD STUFF
THEY'VE HAD
TO GO THROUGH,
DON'T TELL ME
THAT'S FATE.
EVERYTHING HAPPENED
'CAUSE IT WAS MEANT TO.
YUSEI.
THAT'S A LIE.
IT HAPPENED BECAUSE OF YOU
AND CHOICES YOU MADE.
IF ONLY YOU KNEW
HOW WRONG YOU ARE.
Crow: DON'T LISTEN
TO THAT WINGNUT, YUSEI.
I HEARD WHAT YOU JUST SAID
ABOUT YOUR DAD, MAN,
AND YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT WASN'T HIS FAULT.
THERE'S NO WAY HE COULDA KNOWN
ROMAN WAS GONNA DO WHAT HE DID.
I GUESS SO.
LOOK AT IT THIS WAY.
IF ZERO REVERSE HAD
NEVER HAPPENED,
YOU AND ME AND ALL THE
OTHERS MIGHT NOT'VE MET UP
AND BECOME
BEST FRIENDS.
GOOD THINGS LEAD
TO BAD THINGS,
LEADING TO MORE GOOD THINGS,
AND THAT'S JUST LIFE,
AND AT THE END OF THE DAY,
WE ALL HAVE CHOICES.
WE AREN'T DESTINED
TO MAKE THEM.
THIS GUY'S JUST USING DESTINY
AS AN EXCUSE TO BE A JERK,
OR--WHO KNOWS?-- MAYBE IT
WAS MY DESTINY TO SAY THAT,
BUT EITHER WAY, FINISH
THIS GUY, WOULD YA?
I'M ON IT.
YUSEI'S AN
INTERESTING LAD.
HE'S ALWAYS BEEN
A TAD STANDOFFISH, CROW.
YOU KNOW THAT.
YEAH. I GUESS
YOU'RE RIGHT,
BUT I'M JUST SAYING, IF
THERE'S SOMETHING GOING ON
AND HE THINKS HE'S UP AGAINST
SOMETHING HE CAN'T HANDLE
AND HE'S NOT TELLING
US ABOUT IT--
I DUNNO, JACK--
I GUESS I JUST DON'T
WANT OUR FRIEND
THINKING THAT HE'S
GOTTA GO IT ALONE
'CAUSE THEN HE MIGHT
ACTUALLY GO IT ALONE.
WELL, THAT'S VERY SWEET,
BUT THERE'S NO REASON
TO WORRY ABOUT YUSEI.
HE'S AN
INCREDIBLE DUELIST.
HEY, I'M NOT DENYING
THAT, BUT IF HE THINKS--
OF ALL THE LESSER-THANS
I'VE DUELED,
HE'S THE BEST,
HANDS-DOWN.
HE'S THE ONLY ONE WHO EVER
GAVE ME A REAL CHALLENGE.
HEY, WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"ONLY REAL CHALLENGE"?
-WHAT ABOUT THIS GUY?
-OH, YOU'RE UP.
GUESS THAT MEANS IT'S
SAFE FOR US TO MOVE.
YOU DIDN'T ANSWER
THE QUESTION, JACK.
WHAT ABOUT ME? HEY!
WHAT'RE YOU DOING?
WHERE'RE YOU GOING?
I'VE DECIDED THAT I THINK
YOU'RE RIGHT FOR ONCE.
THERE'S SOME SORT OF
DANGER APPROACHING,
AND I THINK YUSEI
IS ON TO IT.
SO I'M GOING TO FIND OUT
WHAT IT IS,
AND TO MAKE SURE HE
KNOWS HE CAN COUNT ON ME.
♪
WAIT, WHAT?
BUT YOU JUST
SAID THAT...
HEY, WAIT!
YOU'RE NOT HAVING
A SPECIAL MOMENT WITHOUT ME.
JACK!
♪
[THINKING]
THIS ISN'T FAST ENOUGH.
AT THIS SPEED, I WON'T
BE ABLE TO BEAT THE GHOST.
I BARELY DEFEATED
IT LAST TIME.
♪
YOU'LL SOON BE GOING DOWN
LIKE ALL THE REST, YUSEI.
THE MOMENT YOU LOSE
IS THE MOMENT YOU CRASH.
SO IS THAT WHAT THIS
IS ALL ABOUT FOR YOU,
BULLYING RANDOM DUELISTS
YOU FIND ON THE ROAD?
HA! BULLYING?
OF COURSE NOT.
THAT'S JUST
AN ADDED BONUS,
DESSERT FOR AFTER I
ACHIEVE WHAT I'VE REALLY
SET OUT TO ACCOMPLISH.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'M TALKING ABOUT
USELESS LITTLE THINGS
CALLED SYNCHRO MONSTERS,
AND NOW IT'S TIME TO RID
THE WORLD OF YOURS.
WATCH THE SYNCHRO
SLAYER AT WORK.
-YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR MIND.
-OH, AM I?
MACHINE EMPEROR INFINITY,
DEMONSTRATE.
I ACTIVATE YOUR
SPECIAL ABILITY.
♪
[SCREECHES]
STARDUST DRAGON!
IT'S TOO LATE, YOU SEE.
THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN DO.
YOUR DRAGON IS
ABOUT TO BECOME
JUST ANOTHER GEAR
IN MY MACHINE.
NO!
[SCREECHES]
♪
DID YOU SEE THAT?
HIS MONSTER HAS BEEN--
HAS BEEN TRAPPED.
STARDUST DRAGON, NO!
TRUDGE TRIED TO WARN ME.
THIS IS WHAT HE MEANT.
SYNCHROS ARE USELESS BECAUSE
THE GHOST CAN CAPTURE THEM.
OH, THEY'RE NOT USELESS,
AT LEAST NOT TO ME,
BECAUSE NOW THAT YOUR
STARDUST DRAGON IS MINE,
HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE MINE, TOO.
OH, NO.
IT ABSORBED ALL OF
STARDUST DRAGON'S STRENGTH?
THIS IS NOT GOOD.
HMM, ALL RIGHT, THEN,
MACHINE EMPEROR.
ATTACK HIS LIFE
POINTS DIRECTLY.
TELL ME HOW IT FEELS,
YUSEI, TO HAVE
YOUR OWN MONSTER PLAY
A PART IN YOUR DEMISE.
WHOA!
WHY ARE OUR MARKS
GLOWING?
THE MARK OF
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
IT'S LENDING ME ITS POWER
FOR THIS ONE LAST DRAW.
NOW WATCH.
I SUMMON THE
MAJESTIC DRAGON...
♪
AND NEXT I ACTIVATE
SYNCHRO MATERIAL.
THANKS TO THIS TRAP, I CAN NOW
SYNCHRO SUMMON WITH MONSTERS
THAT ARE ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD,
MONSTERS LIKE
THE STARDUST DRAGON.
-WHAT?
-THAT'S RIGHT.
RETURN, STARDUST.
♪
[ROARS]
HE GOT HIM BACK.
AND THAT'S
JUST THE START.
HMM. NOW, STARDUST DRAGON,
TUNE WITH UNICYCULAR
AND MAJESTIC DRAGON.
♪
GHOST, YOU CALLED
SYNCHRO MONSTERS
WRETCHED LITTLE THINGS THAT
THE WORLD SHOULD BE RID OF.
WELL, NOW IT'S
THEIR TURN TO RESPOND,
AND THEY'LL RESPOND.
WITH ALL THEIR MIGHT.
I'M AFRAID YOUR MACHINE
EMPEROR'S GREATEST STRENGTH
IS ALSO HIS
GREATEST WEAKNESS.
AH, NO.
YOU'RE WRONG.
ATTACK HIM, AND YOU'LL
ONLY DESTROY ONE PART,
BUT IF IT'S THE RIGHT PART,
ALL THE OTHERS WILL GO WITH IT.
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON,
ATTACK.
♪
[THINKING] IF I HADN'T
BEEN ABLE TO ACTIVATE
CRIMSON DRAGON'S POWERS,
I WOULD'VE BEEN DONE FOR,
AND NEXT TIME,
I MIGHT NOT BE SO LUCKY.
THERE'S SOME MAJOR
DANGER ON THE WAY,
SO I GOTTA CAN THE MINOR
LEAGUE STUFF AND STEP IT UP.
THE WHOLE WORLD
COULD DEPEND ON IT.
♪
[THINKING]
WHAT IF I CAN'T DO IT?
WHAT IF THE FIGHT AHEAD
IS OUT OF MY REACH?
WHAT IF I'M NOT
READY FOR THIS?
Jack: I THOUGHT
I'D FIND YOU HERE.
HUH? HEY, GUYS,
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
MAN, THIS REALLY IS
THE BEST VIEW OF THE CITY.
HARD TO BELIEVE HOW MUCH
THE CITY HAS CHANGED
IN THE LAST
6 MONTHS, ISN'T IT?
YOU GUYS
NEED SOMETHING?
CAN'T FRIENDS JUST CHECK
IN ON THEIR FRIENDS?
YEAH. SORRY. I'M JUST
A LITTLE ON EDGE.
WHAT, 'CAUSE OF
THE NEW ENGINE?
FESS UP. IT'S NOT
JUST THAT, IS IT?
NO. IT'S--
I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT
THAT STOLEN DUEL BOT THING.
WHAT ABOUT IT, YUSEI?
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
HOW POWERFUL IT WAS.
I DON'T GET IT.
THAT THING WAS JUST
A MACHINE, RIGHT?
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
Yusei: MACHINE OR NOT,
SOMEONE WAS CONTROLLING IT.
SOMEONE WAS GIVING IT POWER,
AND I THINK I MIGHT KNOW WHO.
Jack: WHAT? WHO?
YLIASTER.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO REMIND
ME WHAT THAT MEANS, PAL.
I'VE GOT KIND OF A SHORT-TERM
MEMORY SOMETIMES.
DURING MY BATTLE WITH ROMAN,
HE SAID THAT HE MET SOME GUY
FROM A GROUP CALLED YLIASTER
AT THE NAZCA LINES.
THAT MEETING IS WHAT MADE
HIM BETRAY MY FATHER.
I'D HEARD GOODWIN MENTION
THAT GROUP EVERY NOW AND THEN
BACK WHEN I WAS HIS LACKEY,
BUT I DON'T KNOW, YUSEI.
IN MY OPINION,
IT ALL SOUNDED LIKE
A BUNCH OF SECRET
SOCIETY MUMBO JUMBO.
IT'S NOT MUMBO JUMBO, JACK.
THIS GROUP IS REAL.
THEY'RE OUT THERE,
AND THEY USED GOODWIN
AND ROMAN TO CAUSE
ZERO REVERSE,
BUT GOODWIN AND ROMAN
WERE JUST THEIR PAWNS.
DEFEATING THEM DIDN'T
DEFEAT YLIASTER.
IN FACT, I HEARD THEIR NAME
MENTIONED AGAIN RECENTLY.
Sherry: TELL ME, YUSEI FUDO,
WHAT IS IT YOU ARE DUELING FOR?
WHY ARE YOU ENTERING
THE WORLD RACING
GRAND PRIX WITH
YOUR FRIENDS?
I DUNNO.
I MEAN, WHY DO MOUNTAIN
CLIMBERS CLIMB MOUNTAINS?
IT'S BECAUSE
THEY'RE THERE.
ISN'T THAT
WHAT THEY SAY?
SO IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU HAVE NO REASON.
THERE IS NOTHING
DRIVING YOU BUT THRILL,
AMBITION,
PERHAPS BOREDOM.
SO TELL ME, WHAT
ARE YOU DRIVEN BY?
IF YOU MUST KNOW,
MONSIEUR FUDO,
I AM DRIVEN BY MY
HUNGER FOR REVENGE.
-AGAINST WHO?
-I WILL TELL YOU.
I WAS BORN INTO
THE LEBLANC FAMILY.
MY PARENTS WERE
EXTREMELY WEALTHY,
MY FATHER THE HEAD
OF A CARD COMPANY
HE INHERITED FROM HIS FATHER.
MY CHILDHOOD WAS A HAPPY ONE--
WINTERS IN THE MOUNTAINS,
SUMMERS AT OUR ESTATE
IN THE COUNTRY,
HORSEBACK RIDING LESSONS,
PIANO LESSONS,
CROQUET GAMES
ON COOL AFTERNOONS,
AND MY PARENTS, THEY WERE
CAREFREE AND KIND,
BUT THINGS
STARTED TO CHANGE.
MY PARENTS TRIED TO SHIELD ME
FROM ALL THAT WAS GOING ON.
ONE AFTERNOON,
MY FATHER GAVE ME
THE MOST ADORABLE
LITTLE TEDDY BEAR,
AND THEN THAT NIGHT, I WAS TORN
OUT OF MY SLEEP BY NOISES--
SCREAMING, SHOUTING.
FRIGHTENED, I WENT
TO MY PARENTS' ROOM.
OUR BUTLER ELSWORTH FOUND ME,
TOLD ME NOT TO BE SCARED.
TOGETHER, WE
FLED THE ESTATE.
[SOBBING]
ELSWORTH EXPLAINED
THE SITUATION TO ME.
A CORPORATION HAD BEEN TRYING TO
PURCHASE MY FATHER'S BUSINESS.
WHEN MY FATHER REFUSED,
STRANGE MEN BEGAN COMING AROUND,
MAKING THREATS,
AND THEN HE TOLD ME
WE COULD NEVER AGAIN
RETURN TO THE ESTATE,
AND SO WE JOURNEYED
FROM COUNTRY TO COUNTRY,
CITY TO CITY,
RELENTLESSLY PURSUED
BY THE MONSTERS WHO HAD
TAKEN MY PARENTS FROM ME.
ALONG THE WAY, I LEARNED
THAT THE CORPORATION
WAS JUST A FRONT.
THE REAL ORGANIZATION PURSUING
ME IS KNOWN AS YLIASTER.
YLIASTER?
FROM WHAT LITTLE
I HAVE GATHERED,
THEY ARE A SECRET SOCIETY
WITH WILD IDEAS
ABOUT THE UNIVERSE.
THEY OPERATE
FROM THE SHADOWS,
AND THEY WILL DO ANYTHING
TO GET RID OF THOSE
WHO STAND IN THEIR WAY,
WHICH IS WHY THEY CAME
FOR MY FAMILY.
I'M SO SORRY,
SHERRY.
I WANT YOU TO HELP ME,
YUSEI FUDO.
YLIASTER IS PULLING
THE STRINGS
BEHIND THE UPCOMING
WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX.
SO WHAT DID THESE
YLIASTER GOONS WANT
WITH THIS
GIRL'S PARENTS,
AND WHY HAVE THEY BEEN
CHASING HER ACROSS THE GLOBE?
SHE WOULDN'T TELL ME,
BUT EITHER WAY, I'M CERTAIN
YLIASTER IS
SOMEHOW INVOLVED
WITH THE WORLD
RACING GRAND PRIX.
SOMETHING IS GOING
TO HAPPEN THERE.
YOU'RE BASING ALL OF
THIS ON SOMETHING
SOME GIRL YOU DON'T
KNOW SAID TO YOU?
THERE'S MORE.
REMEMBER WHAT BLISTER
WAS SAYING TO US
WHEN WE WENT OUT TO MARTHA'S
PLACE A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO?
DID YOU GUYS
SEE THE REPORT
ABOUT THAT METEOR THAT
HIT OUTSIDE THE CITY?
YEAH.
WE DIDN'T NEED
A NEWS REPORT.
WE HEARD THE IMPACT.
I'VE BEEN PICKING UP SOME
WEIRD CHATTER ABOUT IT
ON THE PSB CHANNELS.
WHAT SORT
OF CHATTER?
CRYPTIC STUFF.
FROM WHAT I CAN GATHER, IT SEEMS
LIKE IT WASN'T A ROCK THAT FELL.
I'VE HEARD A FEW REFERENCES
TO "THE STONE TABLET."
THIS WAS TWO WEEKS
AGO, RIGHT?
THAT WAS THE SAME TIME
THAT DUEL BOT GHOST
STARTED SHOWING UP.
THINK THERE MIGHT BE
A CONNECTION THERE?
I DON'T KNOW, BUT
WHATEVER IT IS THAT FELL,
IT SEEMS, THE PUBLIC
SECURITY BUREAU GOT HOLD OF IT
AND IS KEEPING IT
VERY HUSH-HUSH.
THIS IS HOW ALL THAT DRAMA
WITH THE DARK SIGNER STARTED.
A WHISPER HERE AND THERE.
WELL, I WANNA BE
READY THIS TIME.
OK, BUT READY
FOR WHAT?
FOR PRETTY MUCH ANYTHING.
HMM, SO THE GRAND PRIX
COULD BE SOME KIND OF TRAP,
AND THE 3 OF US ARE JUST
GONNA STROLL RIGHT INTO IT.
THAT'S HOW WE ROLL.
WE'RE NOT SCARED OF NOTHIN'.
I MEAN, YOU'RE NOT
AFRAID, ARE YA', JACK?
PLEASE. YOU MIGHT AS WELL
ASK THE OCEAN IF IT'S THIRSTY.
JACK ATLAS
KNOWS NO FEAR.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT THE WORD MEANS,
AND IF ANYONE TRIES
TO INTIMIDATE ME,
THEY WILL EXPERIENCE
A WORLD OF HURT.
GREAT. SO WE'VE GOT
THE ENTHUSIASM PART COVERED.
THAT'S GOOD TO KNOW 'CAUSE
WE'RE GONNA NEED THAT
AND A WHOLE LOT MORE.
IF I'M RIGHT
ABOUT YLIASTER,
THEN WE'RE GONNA NEED TO LEARN
SOME NEW MOVES, MY FRIENDS.
REMEMBER THE TRICK
THAT VISOR GUY BUSTED OUT?
YOU'RE NOT READY TO
FACE THE GHOST AGAIN.
HUH?
YOU MUST FIRST FIND
WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.
LOOKING FOR?
THAT'S RIGHT.
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION.
[TIRE SCREECHES]
NOW PREPARE TO STEP OUT OF THE
SHADOWS AND INTO THE LIGHT.
GO, ACCEL SYNCHRO.
ACCEL SYNCHRO?
♪
[GASPS]
UH!
I DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING
AT THAT POINT.
THERE WAS THIS
BLINDING WHITE LIGHT,
AND I SPENT
THE NEXT 5 MINUTES
STUMBLING AROUND
TRYING TO SEE.
YOU DIDN'T
STUMBLE ABOUT.
YOU WERE HUGGING ON
TO ME AND SAYING,
"PROTECT ME, JACK.
PROTECT ME."
WHAT VISOR DID,
I'D NEVER SEEN IT BEFORE.
♪
HUH?
WHERE DID HE GO?
♪
WHERE'D THAT MONSTER
COME FROM,
AND WHAT IN
THE WORLD IS IT?
IT'S AN ACCEL SYNCHRO MONSTER
TECH GENUS BLADE BLASTER.
WAIT, AN ACCEL
SYNCHRO MONSTER?
WHAT'S THAT, AND HOW WERE
YOU ABLE TO SUMMON IT
RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF MY TURN?
AN ACCEL SYNCHRO SUMMON
USES A SYNCHRO TUNER MONSTER
AND A SYNCHRO MONSTER,
AND IT'S DONE WITH
LIGHTNING-FAST SPEED.
-ACCEL SYNCHRO?
THAT'S RIGHT, AND WE NEED
TO LEARN HOW TO PULL IT OFF.
♪
SO, YUSEI, BY MASTERING
THIS ACCEL SYNCHRO METHOD,
YOU THINK WE'LL BE ABLE TO
COUNTERACT THAT CAPTURE ABILITY
THAT NUTS N' BOLTS
USED ON YOU?
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED
TO DO THAT?
WHAT DOES IT EVEN MEAN?
HOW DOES IT WORK?
TOO MANY QUESTIONS.
BRAIN OVERWHELMED.
I DON'T KNOW, CROW,
BUT THERE'S A WORLD
BEYOND THE ONE WE KNOW,
BEYOND THE BREAKING POINT,
PAST OUR LIMITS,
WHERE TIME
ACTS DIFFERENTLY,
WHERE THINGS AREN'T
LIKE THEY ARE HERE.
WE'VE GOTTA FIND A WAY
TO GET THERE.
SO WE GOTTA FIND A WAY
TO BEND TIME AND SPACE.
SOUNDS LIKE A PLAN.
GO AHEAD, YLIASTER.
ASK FOR A PIECE
O' CROW.
I'LL SERVE YA' THE
WHOLE PIE, LOSERS.
A WORLD BEYOND
MY LIMITS, YOU SAY?
HMM, THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
THERE IS NOTHING
BEYOND MY LIMITS.
JUST ONE THING.
I'M DEFINITELY GONNA
NEED A BETTER ENGINE
FOR MY DUEL RUNNER.
DON'T YOU MEAN, WE'LL
NEED BETTER ENGINES
FOR OUR DUEL RUNNERS?
YEAH. THAT'S RIGHT.
WE'RE ALL IN
THIS TOGETHER.
ONE FOR ALL AND ALL FOR
ONE AND ALL THAT JUNK.
GREAT. THEN LET'S
DO THIS, YOU GUYS.
THE ENFORCERS
ARE GONNA RIDE AGAIN.
♪
[BRUNO MOANING]